[MOUSE SQUEAKS]
[PENGUINS CHIRP]
[ALL CHEERING]
[SCREECHES]
♪ Adventure Time ♪
♪ Come on, grab your friends ♪
♪ We'll go to
very distant lands ♪
♪ With Jake the dog
and Finn the human ♪
♪ The fun will never end ♪
♪ It's Adventure Time ♪
-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-
BUBBLEGUM: In the kingdom of Ooo,
there is a galaxy of flavors,
but only one taste sensation is
amazing enough to kill for --
the Royal Tart.
Royal Tarts
are very rare.
They are only eaten at the most
sacred gathering in Ooo --
The Annual Back-rubbing Ceremony.
The tart is so legendary that
countless thieves will risk
their lives for
just one bite.
My head will be
decapitated if
the tarts don't make
it to the ceremony.
I only trust one guy to deliver them --
the Royal Tart Toter.
BOTH:
Oh!
He's magnificent!
He used to be, but
he's gone mad and old.
So he can't deliver
the tarts anymore.
Cinnamon Bun offered
to fill the position,
but he's kind of...
half-baked.
CINNAMON BUN:
Hey, Princess! Here I go!
[GRUNTING]
I'm stuck.
Princess, let us deliver the tarts.
Are you sure, Finn?
This is really important.
FINN: Princess, I have never been
more sure of anything
in my whole life.
I'll do anything it takes
to keep you alive and safe.
We won't let you down.
Well...
I accept your offer.
[SQUEAKING]
Welcome to the tarttorium!
Wow!
BOTH:
They're so beautiful.
No, boys.
Those are the reject tarts,
full of imperfections.
These are the perfect tarts...
[SMOOCHES]
...safely packed into one of my
antigravity tote chambers.
BOTH:
Tote sweet!
Now, I want you to tote those
tarts through that tunnel.
The Royal Tart path takes
you directly to
the Royal Congressional Hall
in the Badlands.
The path is really safe
and well protected,
but keep your eyes peeled
for any sign of danger, okay?
Mm-hmm.
Yep.
Good.
Now, here's your map.
Hey, Princess, what are all
these bubbling chemicals all
over the place?
That's paralyzing potion, Finn!
Don't touch it.
It'll paralyze
you forever!
[LAUGHS]
Oh.
Thank you, boys.
And remember,
my head is on the line.
All right.
Let's hit it.
Wait.
I got a sick plan.
[HUMMING]
[BOTH LAUGH]
Go!
Okay.
Bye!
Bye-bye!
Bye-bye, now!
- Goodbye!
- Bye!
Bye!
Ha! That was fun.
But Why'd you do it?
Look, everyone expects the tarts
to be on that Royal Tart path.
Cinnamon Bun will be our decoy
while we take the one path no
thief would expect a
tart toter to take --
the desert of doom!
JAKE:
I guess this is it.
Huh.
Not as scary as I
thought it'd be.
Yeah, man.
Mostly, it just looks empty.
I mean, what thief would
ever hang out here?
There's nothing to steal.
You know, I think my plan
might be kind of brilliant.
I mean, I'm not saying
Mn brilliant,
but it's a pretty
brilliant plan, I think.
JAKE:
True, true.
This place is perfect
for totin' tarts.
Yeah, and the back-rubbing ceremony
is right over those mountains.
This tart tote is gonna
be a total cakewalk.
[LAUGHS]
Yeah.
Whoa! Wait! Hold up!
What is it'?
Shh!
[SNIFFS]
It's a campfire --
close by.
[GASPS]
Does it smell like a tart
thief s campfire?
Maybe.
We better check it out.
Can't be too careful.
D-don't burn it,
now, Grimby.
Hush.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
I ain't gonna burn it.
Crud!
I was sure we'd be safe
in the desert of doom.
What? What you saying?
Those are dirty
tart burglars.
I think they're
just dirty hobos.
No, man.
They are cold-blooded
tart destroyers,
and we have to get them
before they get us.
Why'?
They're gonna kill Princess
Bubblegum by stealing our tarts.
Oh, yeah.
But how come J.J.
gets to hold it, Grimby?
[GROWLS]
[ALL GASP]
Aah!
Ooh. Ow.
Yeah! Go on! Get!
We'll mess you up crazy!
You, listen up and
tell your friends --
the next time you want to
steal one of our tarts --
[GASPS]
You got tarts?
You know we do!
And the next time you
want to steal one,
you picture this guy right
here chewing on your brain.
[ALARM BEEPING]
What the...
that thing's getting the tarts!
Son of a...
[LAUGHTER]
GRIMBY:
We're eating good tonight!
Uh-oh.
Man, he got like five or six.
But my brilliant plan.
HOLO- PENDANT: Incoming transmission
from Princess Bubblegum.
What the...
BUBBLEGUM:
Hey, Finn.
[SHRIEKS]
I'm just checking in
using the Holo-pendant.
How are my tarts doing?
They're, um...
t-they're -- they're --
They're radical!
No tart problems here.
Uh, yeah, right.
Everythings, uh, bazoobs.
[CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY]
Oh, look --
Uh, somethings eclipsing the sun.
It's so dark now.
Finn? Finn?!
[SIGHS]
Oh, well
I'll see you soon enough.
HOLO-PENDANT:
Transmission complete.
JAKE:
I think the plan went awry.
No. All this was just
some freak bad luck.
But we still got some tarts,
and the princess is still safe.
Oh, yeah.
And who knows what kind of
freaky things might have
happened if we took
the Royal Tart path?
[CHUCKLES]
Old Cinnamon Sun's probably
got his hands full.
Bye. Goodbye.
Bye-bye.
- Hello.
Shall I hold that for you, sir?
Okay.
[WHISTLING]
Shall I hold that for you, sir?
Okay.
FINN:
You know what?
Even though it totally
wasn't our fault,
it's probably for the best
that we lost those tarts.
Huh? How?
Well, it's like a reminder
to really stay sharp
and play it extra safe.
For instance,
take this scary cavern here.
No sane person would ever bring
a tart down there, so...
So no thieves.
Exactly.
You are on a roll today, buddy.
FINN:
Pee-yew!
JAKE:
Yeah, pee-yew!
[SNIFFS]
- FINN: Jake?
- JAKE: Yeah?
FINN:
Hey, man, did you just, like, sniff my butt?
JAKE:
Uh, just now?
FINN:
Yeah.
JAKE:
No.
FINN:
Huh. All right.
[HUMMING]
JAKE:
Hmm. Hey, Finn?
FINN:
Yeah, Jake?
JAKE: Did you just, uh,
lick me all the way up my arm?
FINN:
No.
JAKE:
Hmm. Strange.
FINN:
Jake, let me see those matches.
[ALL GROWLING]
[SHRIEKS]
[GROWLING THUDDING]
[BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY]
Uh-oh.
Man, we got got.
There's only two left!
What?!
[BEEPING]
Aah!
HOLO- PENDANT: Incoming transmission
from Princess Bubblegum.
BUBBLEGUM:
Hello?
We blew it, man.
My plan sucked.
It sucked all along, but
I was blinded by my hubris.
Now PB's gonna get got,
and it's all my fault.
Whoa, whoa.
Take it easy, buddy.
We've still got two
whole tarts left.
PB is gonna be fine.
[SNIFFLES]
You really think so?
Yeah, why not?
Hey!
Keep off them tarts!
Huh?
I said back off
of them tarts.
Are you an imbecile?
But I --
right the bazoobs now!
Finn,
he's got a laser gun!
Yeah!
That's it. All right.
Now I got to book it
to Nana's for brunch.
See youse later.
It's over.
PB's gonna get croaked.
Mm...yeah, or we could smash
in there and stop Congress
from chopping her head off.
You're right!
Jake, let's go save
Princess Bubblegum!
[ALL CHANTING "CHOP!"]
No!
Aah!
Huh?
Another perfectly
chopped tart!
[ALL CHEERING]
Let the Annual Back-rubbing
Ceremony begin.
Dude, they're just slicing tarts.
And there's Cinnamon Bun over there!
Hey!
He must have delivered the decoys.
BOTH:
The ones we poisoned!
No!
Princess, don't eat that tart!
Okay. Geez, Finn,
I won't eat that tart.
I'll eat this other tart instead!
Oh, Princess, no!
The princess has been paralyzed.
I'm not paralyzed.
I'm gripped with the flavor!
That means we must have been
carrying the poisoned tarts all along.
[WIND WHISTLING]
Yep, all part of my master plan.
Pbht! Whatever, man.
[CHUCKLES]
BUBBLEGUM:
Excuse me.
What is this about poisoned
tarts and alternate plans?
I-I -- all right.
Here it comes.
I had a brilliant plan
to tote the tarts
along a dangerous path,
but I mucked it up.
[SIGHS]
You ought to give this
toter job to Cinnamon Bun.
He's the real hero.
[LAUGHS]
[ALL CHEERING]
Yeah!
I'm sorry for not following
your instructions and
for lying to you about it.
Oh, Finn, I forgive you,
'cause I lied to you, too.
They weren't going
to decapitate me.
I just said that so you guys
wouldn't eat the tarts.
Oh.
So I guess we're even.
Uh, yeah. I guess so.
[THUD]
OLD MAN: Ladies and gentlemen,
the Royal Tarts have arrived.
[ALL GASP]
The old tart toter.
Nobody move.
He can't see or hear,
but he can feel your movement.
Hello?
Eat my tarts'?
This cosmic dance of bursting
decadence and withheld
permissions twists all
our arms collectively,
but if sweetness can win --
and it can --
then I'll still be here tomorrow
to high-five you yesterday,
my friend.
Peace.
Sheesh.
Blah-la-luh.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
Hey, Jake,
give me some of that apple.
Coming up.
I know what you're
thinking about.
Huh?
Kissing
Princess Bubblegum
on the mouth!
[SPITS]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
No, I'm not!
And I wouldn't even
do that ever.
Yeah, you would.
You're just bad at
talking to ladies.
Hmph!
Ehggg-uh-ya-uh.
Uh, should I keep going,
Mrs. Yoder?
No, Finn, that's plenty.
Thank you.
Okay.
Let us know if you
need anything else.
Hyah!
You two are heroes!
Hunh!
Come on, dude.
Hey, do you hear that?
She called us heroes.
[CHUCKLES]
Yeah, I heard.
Huh?
Hey!
How's it going?!
[GRUNTING]
Ugh!
Is that true,
what the bird said?
You guys are heroes?
Why are you hiding
in that shrub?
Oh, I wasn't hiding.
I'm a Tree Witch.
I can turn into trees
and shrubs
and bushes and stuff.
Check it out.
[WOOD CREAKING]
Bleh.
So, listen,
I need you two
heroes to get me a
lock of Princess hair.
[SNIFFS]
Why do you need
Princess hair?
Why?
'Cause I have a
balding problem!
What, are you blind?
Are you blind?!
No, we're not blind.
I had no idea.
I didn't know.
Anyway,
I need the Princess
hair so I can put
it on my head.
And then I'll be beautiful.
Oh. Well, we know
lots of Princesses.
[LAUGHS NERVOUSLY]
Uh, can you, um,
give us a minute?
Yeah, okay.
Dude, I don't think
we should help her.
Why not?
'Cause she's a witch!
Maybe she's a good witch.
Her?
Are you kidding?
Come on, look at her!
[PLANT HISSES]
If she was good,
she wouldn't be so ugly.
Are you guys still talking?!
So what do we do?
Tell her we can't help
her 'cause she's ugly?
No, man,
she'll kill us
or put a freaky
curse on us or something.
Let me get rid
of her with some
of my world-famous
"smoove" talking.
Hey, sorry about that, girl.
Ahh.
You don't mind if
I take a load off,
do you?
What were you guys
talking about?
How pretty you are.
Huh?
We were just saying
someone as pretty
as you doesn't
even need a
full head of hair.
Isn't that right,
buddy?
Uh, yeah, totally.
Nuh-unh.
[CHUCKLES]
Girl, if I didn't
already have a G.F.,
I'd be on
you like butter on toast!
I don't mind if you have a
G.F.
Oh. Um...
Dude, I don't think
it's working.
Yeah, I think I'm
making things worse.
Ah-ha-ha-ha!
Hey.
What?
How would you...
court me?
Um...
Spaghetti dinner?
Hmm.
Look, Lady, we can't
help you get
Princess hair.
Why not?
Because we only help
when someone's in danger.
Oh!
Well, why didn't you say so?
[CLEARS THROAT]
Hey, uh, what's --
Yaaah!
Hey!
There.
Now someone's in danger.
I told you she was evil!
Grrrrrr!
Yaah!
Unh! Oof!
What, you forget I'm a witch?
Maybe.
Well, maybe you
should get me
some Princess
hair so maybe your
friend doesn't
get sucked into
my bottomless bottom!
Nyuh!
Get some Princess hair!
All right, fine!
Wait!
Uh, you --
you can't tell anyone
why you need it.
What? Why?
I don't want
anyone to know I
have a balding problem.
O...kay.
[PANTING]
It's Princess Muscles' Castle!
Hi, Finn.
Uh, hey,
Princess Muscles.
What brings you by?
Um, you were the
nearest Princess,
and I need a
lock of your hair.
I understand.
You do?
Mm-hmm.
Aah!
What are you doing?
Trying to give you a hug.
Why?
I want hair, not hug!
Oh. I see.
You want to take things slo-o-o-w.
No!
I -- I'm here to save you!
From your hair!
It looks really bad!
Cut it off, quick!
Of course it looks bad.
If I had beautiful,
shiny hair,
no one would look
at my muscles.
Unh! Hwuh!
Come back when
you want to
get serious
about loving me!
[GROANS]
I am terrible at
talking to ladies.
Hmm.
Where's a Princess?
Princess?
Princess...
Who's that?
[SNORING]
It's Lumpy Space Princess.
Does she live in
the woods now?
G-g-get away
from my camp.
I'll cut you!
Hrm.
I'm never gonna
go back home.
Huh.
Wait.
Does she even have hair?
[WIND BLOWS]
She does!
Well...hair is hair.
Oh, my glob.
What the stuff
are you doing?
Why are you
cutting my lumps?!
Because they're, uh...
So --
[GASPS]
I knew you liked me.
No! I don't!
I-I'm just stopping
by because --
Just admit it, Lover Boy!
You can't resist me.
Well, if you want
these lumps,
you got to
put a ring on it!
Where's my ring?!
Aah!
I knew you liked me, Finn.
That's why
you're running!
Get in touch with
your feelings, babe!
[GROANS]
What am I gonna do?
Huh?
A graveyard?
Yes!
There's got to be a hairy
Princess in
there that won't
think I'm
hitting on her!
Princess.
Princess?
Ugh! Come on!
Bingo!
"Here lies
Princess Beautiful.
She was so beautiful."
Hey, that's perfect!
And sort of macabre.
Oh, well.
[GRUNTING]
Aha!
Hi, Finn.
Ohh!
What?
What are you --
Please stop.
Where's her hair?!
Thanks, Finn.
"Here lies Princess beautiful.
She was so beautiful...
But died of baldness"?!
Dang it!
I'm gonna look so beautiful.
Invited to all the parties...
[PANTING]
Jake! Jake!
I'm sorry, man.
Getting Princess hair is --
is impossible!
They all just think
I'm in love with them!
Ugh!
I can't do it.
You're gonna have
to spend the
rest of your life in
this witch's butt.
Noooo!
Eh! Quiet down!
I'm daydreaming!
Dude, if they think you
like them,
then use that.
Embrace it!
Find the least
terrible Princess you can,
play her some music,
cook her a meal,
"Smoove" talk
her until she likes you.
And then get the hair!
Wait. You mean like
go on a date?
Marry a Princess
if you need to!
Just get her hair!
Aaaah!
Jake!
[JAKE MUFFLED]
Go get the hair!
Okay! Hold on!
Princess Bubblegum!
Hi, Finn!
Uh...
I need you to
come with me!
Why?
I'm watering right now.
Just come on.
We don't have
much time!
What is this, Finn?
We're gonna have
a spaghetti dinner.
Whoa! Really?
Where do we sit?
Dyaaaaaaah!
[GRUNTING]
Um, Finn?
Put your butt here!
Hurry!
Oh.
Hey, Simon,
make it romantic.
[ROMANTIC VIOLIN MUSIC PLAYS]
Ow!
Here, shove this
in your mouth!
It's hot!
Finn,
I don't understa--
Please, Princess!
Just stick it in
your mouth!
Well, okay.
[CHOMPING]
You're lucky
I love spaghetti!
Um, Princess...
Do you like me?
Finn, of course I like you.
Really?
Yeah!
Yes! Now give me
some of your hair!
[CHUCKLES]
Oh, Finn, that's sweet.
Sure, I'll give you
some of my hair.
Here.
Take it, you cutie.
[GASPS]
Thank you,
Princess Bubblegum!
My spaghetti!
My cat had kittens,
and I'm
thinking of naming one
"Little Whiner."
What do you think?
Is that a good name?
Totally did it!
Genuine Princess hair.
You hear that, Jake?
[MUFFLED]
Just give it to her already!
All right, Lady,
a deal is a deal.
Ahh!
This isn't hair!
It's Bubblegum!
What?!
It is Bubblegum!
Well, I guess you failed.
Say goodbye to your dog.
Aaaah!
Wait!
What?
If I learned anything today,
it's that I'm awesome at
talking to ladies!
And, Lady,
you are crazy ugly!
Wha-a-a-t?
JAKE:
Dude!
Having beautiful hair
isn't gonna get
you anywhere,
because you're ugly,
inside and out --
So ugly I want
to throw up.
JAKE:
Dude!
No one will ever find
you beautiful, ever!
And it's got
nothing to do with
the ol' chrome dome.
It has to do with
what's in here.
Can you get off
my friend now?
[JAKE CRYING]
D-u-u-ude.
He's right.
- JAKE: Huh?
Well, don't get me wrong.
I know I'm ugly.
And evil.
[GASPS]
But I thought if
I had some beautiful hair,
I could learn
how to love myself.
[SOBBING]
Gee.
I feel kind of bad.
I don't.
Hey, witch!
Does it have to
be Princess hair?
No.
Just beautiful hair.
Well, then,
check this out!
[UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYS]
Ha ha-a-a-a-a-a!
[GASPS]
You'd really give
me your hair?
Sure!
So...
how do I look?
Totally beautiful,
inside and out!
Thank you, Finn.
And now to use my
hair for evil.
What?!
'Cause I'm evil!
[LAUGHS EVILLY]
What did you
want from me?
Ohh --
Oh, no.
I think I
fractured a branch.
[BOTH LAUGH]
♪ Come along with me ♪
♪ And the butterflies and bees ♪
♪ We can wander
through the forest ♪
♪ And do so as we please ♪
♪ Come along with me ♪
♪ To a cliff under a tree ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org